GLB health-checks: parameter configurability: (#100)
github/glb-director: docs/setup/glb-healthcheck-configuration.md

By default this file is present at `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.checked.json`.
  
The configuration for `glb-healthcheck` component is present by default at:
* `/etc/glb/healthcheck.conf`: This file lists the locations of the 2 json files processed by `glb-healthcheck`.
* `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.src.json`: This file provides the configuration for `glb-director` if health-checking of the L7 back-ends is not to be performed. It also provides configuration for `glb-healthcheck` for the actual sending of the probes.

## `/etc/glb/healthcheck.conf`

`/etc/glb/healthcheck.conf` defines the few values that need to be configured to use the healthchecker. For most use cases, the default will work:
```
{
  "forwarding_table": {
    "src": "/etc/glb/forwarding_table.src.json",
    "dst": "/etc/glb/forwarding_table.checked.json"
  },
  "reload_command": "glb-director-cli build-config /etc/glb/forwarding_table.checked.json /etc/glb/forwarding_table.checked.bin && systemctl reload glb-director"
}
```

### forwarding_table

> ####`src` and `dst`: configuration for the file-path for the source and destination JSON files to be processed by `glb-healthcheck`.
> By default, `src` is `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.src.json`; and `dst` is `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.checked.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
####`src` and `dst`

These fields specify the file paths for the source and destination JSON files to be processed by `glb-healthcheck`. By default, `src` is `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.src.json`; and `dst` is `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.checked.json`.
```

This instructs the healthchecker to load `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.src.json`, perform any checks defined inside it, and keep a `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.checked.json` up to date with valid/live health state. Any time it changes the `dst` file, it also runs the reload command (which in this case compiles the table and reloads the director to pick up those changes).

#### reload_command
Specifies the commands to run upon creation, by `glb-healthcheck`, of a new/updated destination JSON.
 
## `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.src.json`

Health-checking configuration related to the actual sending of the probes and the receiving of the responses is listed in this file:
```
{
 "healthcheck_defaults":
  {
     "interval_ms": 4000,
     "timeout_ms": 2000,
     "trigger": 4

>   }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  },
```

> # glb-healthcheck configuration

Reviewer: Thank you for adding documentation that was missing! Might be useful to link this up from [the current (limited) docs](https://github.com/github/glb-director/blob/master/docs/setup/forwarding-table-config.md#healthcheck-configuration-options), since they are currently pretty sparse and this PR is way more useful 😄

Author: Sure

By default this file is present at `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.checked.json`.
  
The configuration for `glb-healthcheck` component is present by default at:
* `/etc/glb/healthcheck.conf`: This file lists the locations of the 2 json files processed by `glb-healthcheck`.
* `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.src.json`: This file provides the configuration for `glb-director` if health-checking of the L7 back-ends is not to be performed. It also provides configuration for `glb-healthcheck` for the actual sending of the probes.

## `/etc/glb/healthcheck.conf`

### forwarding_table
Under `src` and `dst`: configuration for the file-path for the source and destination JSON files to be processed by `glb-healthcheck`.
By default, `src` is `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.src.json`; and `dst` is `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.checked.json` .

### reload_command
Specifies the commands to run upon creation, by `glb-healthcheck`, of a new/updated destination JSON.
 

> ## `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.src.json`

Reviewer: I would have expected to configure the healthcheck configuration, at least in a global way, in `/etc/glb/healthcheck.conf` instead of in the forwarding table file, which is more about the binds and backends than how the healthchecker happens to test them. Was there a particular reason for putting it in the forwarding table file?

Author: I started out wanting to make this configurable on a per back-end basis to factor for different kinds of hardware; or even on a per-table basis to factor for different kinds of per-service loads on back-ends.
However, doing that would have required a bit bigger architectural changes given the simplicity of the code in doHealthCheckRound().  So, postponed that for a bit.
The per-table and per-backend params would appear to belong to the forwarding_table JSONs. 
With an implementation for per-backend/table params, having a global setting for the same param in the same file makes things simpler.

Reviewer: :+1: That makes sense, thanks for the explanation!

```
{
  "forwarding_table": {
    "src": "/etc/glb/forwarding_table.src.json",
    "dst": "/etc/glb/forwarding_table.checked.json"
  },
  "reload_command": "glb-director-cli build-config /etc/glb/forwarding_table.checked.json /etc/glb/forwarding_table.checked.bin && systemctl reload glb-director"
}
```

### forwarding_table
####`src` and `dst`: configuration for the file-path for the source and destination JSON files to be processed by `glb-healthcheck`.
By default, `src` is `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.src.json`; and `dst` is `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.checked.json`.

This instructs the healthchecker to load `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.src.json`, perform any checks defined inside it, and keep a `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.checked.json` up to date with valid/live health state. Any time it changes the `dst` file, it also runs the reload command (which in this case compiles the table and reloads the director to pick up those changes).

#### reload_command
Specifies the commands to run upon creation, by `glb-healthcheck`, of a new/updated destination JSON.
 
## `/etc/glb/forwarding_table.src.json`
Health-checking related fields that apply to all back-ends listed in this file:

> ### timeout_ms

Reviewer: I think this section with all the healthcheck values needs to be wrapped in a section for `healthcheck_global_cfg` (or `healthcheck_defaults` if you agree with my renaming suggestion) - it would also be great to add a quick JSON example to make it a little easier for folks to understand where to put these fields.

Author: Sure.
